Your Majesty, this was sent by Empress Shen's palace maid
What is this?
It is said that the Empress collected and sorted out the anti-sweat disaster manual by herself
The country is good
Must get rid of Wuhan first
This Han is Wuhan
First, if you deal with it improperly
It will cause severe economic recession and social unrest
Desert dialect
Which book is this recorded in?
Ouch, the emperor doesn't know
The slave doesn't know even more
But that Shen
Does Empress Shen have many fantastic ideas?
Ha ha.
He sacrificed so much
Can you say what reward you want?
The empress said that his last reward has not been discussed in detail
Plus this time
If the emperor Longyuan Dayue
Can you give me some gold and silver treasures?
At least
30,000 two silver 30,000 two
Or are you delusional about leaving the palace?
Since it is said that he has no affair with King Qi
Then he planned so well to get out of the palace
Who is it for?
Ouch emperor
More than 30,000 two
The empress has set up a cold palace commissary in the cold palace these days
Sell some cold drinks and sweet ice?
Hey, it seems to be very popular.
He also sent ice cubes to a palace to relieve the heat
Hey, you make a lot of money, and you dare to do business in the palace
Well, it seems that I still let him relax too much
The order must be called to the cold palace tonight to serve the bed